README - LIBIPP v1.2.0a1 - 03/22/2002
-------------------------------------

Looking for compile instructions?  Read the file "INSTALL.txt"
instead...


INTRODUCTION

LIBIPP provides a portable implementation of Internet Printing
Protocol (IPP) and Hyper-Text Transport Protocol (HTTP) client
and server functions.  It is available separately and as part of
the Common UNIX Printing System (CUPS).  LIBIPP version numbers
track the corresponding CUPS version number.

The Internet Printing Protocol is now supported by most printer
and operating system vendors as a standard network printing
protocol.  It is a fairly simple binary-tagged data protocol
layered on top of HTTP and supports a wide range of printing and
facsimile applications both locally and over the Internet.


GETTING SUPPORT AND OTHER RESOURCES

If you have problems, READ THE DOCUMENTATION FIRST!

You can subscribe to the CUPS mailing list by sending a message
containing "subscribe cups" to majordomo@cups.org.  This list is
provided to discuss problems, questions, and improvements to the
CUPS software.  New releases of CUPS are announced to this list
as well.

Commercial support (with a guaranteed response time) is
available from Easy Software Products.  For more information
see:

    http://www.easysw.com/cups

See the CUPS web site at "http://www.cups.org" for other site
links.


LEGAL STUFF

LIBIPP is Copyright 1993-2002 by Easy Software Products.  CUPS,
the CUPS logo, and the Common UNIX Printing System are the
trademark property of Easy Software Products.

The MD5 Digest code is Copyright 1999 Aladdin Enterprises.

LIBIPP is provided under the terms the CUPS software license
agreement; specifically, LIBIPP falls under the terms of the GNU
Library General Public License (LGPL) with exceptions for Apple
OS-Developed Software.  Please read the files "LICENSE.html" or
"LICENSE.txt" for more information.

For commercial licensing information, please contact:

    Attn: CUPS Licensing Information
    Easy Software Products
    44141 Airport View Drive, Suite 204
    Hollywood, Maryland 20636-3111 USA

    Voice: +1.301.373.9600
    Email: cups-info@cups.org
    WWW: http://www.cups.org
