# DO NOT DELETE

gconfig.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gconfig.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
gconfig.o: gconf.h gconfig.h ../config.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gconfig.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gconfig.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gconfig.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gconfig.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxiodev.h stat_.h

gdevabuf.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevabuf.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h
gdevabuf.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gdevabuf.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gdevabuf.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gdevabuf.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gdevabuf.o: gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevbbox.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gdevbbox.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gdevbbox.o: gsparam.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gdevbbox.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gdevbbox.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gdevbbox.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsmalloc.h
gdevbbox.o: gsdevice.h gdevbbox.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxiparam.h gxistate.h
gdevbbox.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpaint.h gxpath.h
gdevbbox.o: gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxcpath.h

gdevcups.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h gdevprn.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gdevcups.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h
gdevcups.o: gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevcups.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevcups.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gdevcups.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevcups.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gdevcups.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h
gdevcups.o: scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h
gdevcups.o: gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gdevcups.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsexit.h ../filter/raster.h ../cups/ppd.h

gdevdbit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdbit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsbittab.h
gdevdbit.o: gsrect.h gsropt.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gdevdbit.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gdevdbit.o: gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevdbit.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevdbit.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h
gdevdbit.o: gxcpath.h

gdevddrw.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gdevddrw.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h
gdevddrw.o: gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gdevddrw.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gdevddrw.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevddrw.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gdevddrw.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxiparam.h gxistate.h
gdevddrw.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h

gdevdflt.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdflt.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsropt.h gxcomp.h
gdevdflt.o: gscompt.h gsrefct.h gxbitfmt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gsdcolor.h
gdevdflt.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gdevdflt.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gdevdflt.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gdevdflt.o: gxdevmem.h

gdevdgbr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevdgbr.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevdgbr.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevdgbr.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxgetbit.h
gdevdgbr.o: gxbitfmt.h gxlum.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevhit.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gdevhit.o: gsmemraw.h gxdevice.h stdio_.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gdevhit.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gdevhit.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gdevhit.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gdevhit.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gdevm16.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm16.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm16.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm16.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm16.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevm16.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gdevm16.o: gxbitops.h

gdevm1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm1.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm1.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm1.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm24.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm24.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm24.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm24.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm24.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevm24.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gdevm24.o: gxbitops.h

gdevm2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm2.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm2.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm2.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm2.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm32.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm32.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm32.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm32.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm32.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevm32.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gdevm32.o: gxbitops.h

gdevm4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm4.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm4.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm4.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm4.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm4.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevm8.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevm8.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevm8.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevm8.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevm8.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gdevm8.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevmem.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevmem.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrect.h
gdevmem.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gdevmem.o: gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gdevmem.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gdevmem.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gdevmem.o: gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h gxbitops.h

gdevmpla.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gdevmpla.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevmpla.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevmpla.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevmpla.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevmpla.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gdevmpla.o: gxbitops.h

gdevnfwd.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gdevnfwd.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gdevnfwd.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevnfwd.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gdevpipe.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h pipe_.h stdio_.h string_.h
gdevpipe.o: gserror.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h stream.h scommon.h
gdevpipe.o: gsstruct.h gxiodev.h stat_.h

gdevprn.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gdevprn.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h
gdevprn.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
gdevprn.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h
gdevprn.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gdevprn.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gdevprn.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gdevprn.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h
gdevprn.o: gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h
gdevprn.o: strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h
gdevprn.o: gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h
gdevprn.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gp_getnv.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gp_getnv.o: gstypes.h gp.h gpgetenv.h

gp_nofb.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gp_nofb.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxdevice.h
gp_nofb.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gp_nofb.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gp_nofb.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gp_nofb.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gp_nsync.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h gpsync.h

gp_unifn.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gp_unifn.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h

gp_unifs.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gp_unifs.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gp_unifs.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h stat_.h dirent_.h ../config.h ../cups/cups.h
gp_unifs.o: ../cups/ipp.h ../cups/http.h ../cups/string.h ../cups/md5.h
gp_unifs.o: ../cups/ppd.h

gp_unix.o: pipe_.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h time_.h
gp_unix.o: ../config.h gx.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gp_unix.o: gdebug.h gsexit.h gp.h gpgetenv.h

gsalloc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsalloc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsmdebug.h
gsalloc.o: gsstruct.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gsalloc.o: stream.h scommon.h

gsalpha.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsalpha.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsalpha.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gsalpha.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gsalpha.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gsalpha.o: gsrefct.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gsalpha.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gsalpha.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsargs.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h string_.h gsexit.h
gsargs.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsargs.h

gsbitops.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h gstypes.h
gsbitops.o: gxbitops.h gsbitops.h

gsbittab.o: stdpre.h gsbittab.h

gscdefs.o: stdpre.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gconf.h gconfig.h ../config.h

gscdevn.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscdevn.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gsmatrix.h
gscdevn.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h

gschar0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gschar0.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gschar0.o: gsfcmap.h gsccode.h gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gschar0.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gschar0.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gschar0.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gschar0.o: gxdevmem.h gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gschar0.o: gxftype.h gxfont0.h

gschar.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gschar.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h string_.h gserrors.h
gschar.o: gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h
gschar.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gschar.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gschar.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gschar.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h
gschar.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
gschar.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxchar.h
gschar.o: gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont0.h gxfcache.h
gschar.o: gxbcache.h gspath.h gspenum.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gsrect.h

gscie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscie.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gscie.o: gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gscie.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gscie.o: gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h
gscie.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gscie.o: gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gscie.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gscie.o: gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h
gscie.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsclipsr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsclipsr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsclipsr.h

gscolor1.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gscolor1.o: gsccolor.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcconv.h
gscolor1.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gscolor1.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gscolor1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gscolor1.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gscolor1.o: gxtmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gscolor1.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
gscolor1.o: gsht.h gxstate.h gscolor1.h

gscolor2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscolor2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h
gscolor2.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
gscolor2.o: gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h
gscolor2.o: gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gzstate.h
gscolor2.o: gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gscolor2.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h
gscolor2.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gscolor3.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor3.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gscspace.h gsmatrix.h
gscolor3.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gsuid.h
gscolor3.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscolor3.h gspath.h gspenum.h gzstate.h
gscolor3.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h
gscolor3.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
gscolor3.o: gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gscolor3.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxshade.h
gscolor3.o: gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gscolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gscolor.o: gsccolor.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcconv.h
gscolor.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gscolor.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gscolor.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gscolor.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h
gscolor.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gscolor.o: gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gscolor.o: gxstate.h

gscoord.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscoord.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccode.h
gscoord.o: gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gscoord.o: gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gscoord.o: gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gscoord.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gscoord.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gscoord.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gscoord.o: gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h
gscoord.o: gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gscparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gscparam.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gscparam.o: gsparam.h gsstruct.h

gscpixel.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscpixel.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gxcspace.h
gscpixel.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscpixel.h
gscpixel.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gscpixel.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gscpixel.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gscpixel.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

gscrdp.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gscrdp.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdevice.h
gscrdp.o: gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gscrdp.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h
gscrdp.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscrdp.h gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h
gscrdp.o: gxfixed.h gsparam.h gxarith.h

gscrd.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gscrd.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h
gscrd.o: gconfigv.h gsdevice.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsparam.h gxcspace.h
gscrd.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h
gscrd.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscrd.h gscie.h
gscrd.o: gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h

gscscie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscscie.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gscscie.o: gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gscscie.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gscscie.o: gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h
gscscie.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gscscie.o: gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gscscie.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h
gscscie.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gscscie.o: gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gscscie.o: gxstate.h

gscsepr.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gscsepr.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrefct.h gsmatrix.h
gscsepr.o: gscsepr.h gscspace.h gxcspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h
gscsepr.o: gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gscsepr.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h
gscsepr.o: gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gscsepr.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h
gscsepr.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gscspace.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gscspace.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gscspace.o: gsccolor.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxistate.h
gscspace.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gscspace.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h

gsdevice.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gsdevice.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
gsdevice.o: gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gserrors.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gsstruct.h
gsdevice.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gspaint.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gzstate.h
gsdevice.o: gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsdevice.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsdevice.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gsdevice.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h
gsdevice.o: gsht.h gxstate.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gsdevice.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gsdevice.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h

gsdevmem.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gsdevmem.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gsdevmem.o: gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsdevmem.o: gsstruct.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gsdevmem.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gsdevmem.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gsdevmem.o: gxdevmem.h

gsdparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gsdparam.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gsdparam.o: gsparam.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gsdparam.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsdparam.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gsdparam.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsmalloc.h

gsdps1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsdps1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h
gsdps1.o: gscoord.h gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gsdps1.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gsdps1.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gsdps1.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsdps1.o: gsmalloc.h gxmatrix.h gspath.h gspenum.h gspath2.h gzpath.h
gsdps1.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gzstate.h
gsdps1.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gsdps1.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gsdsrc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsdsrc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h
gsdsrc.o: gserrors.h stream.h scommon.h

gsfcmap.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfcmap.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfcmap.h
gsfcmap.o: gsfcmap.h gsccode.h gsuid.h

gsfont0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsfont0.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsfont0.o: gxfixed.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gsfont0.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsfont0.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gsfont0.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gsfont0.o: gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxfcache.h gsuid.h gxbcache.h gxftype.h
gsfont0.o: gxfont.h gsfont.h gxfont0.h

gsfont.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfont.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsfont.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gsfont.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gsfont.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gsfont.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsfont.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gsfont.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsfont.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfcache.h
gsfont.o: gxbcache.h

gsfunc0.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsfunc0.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsfunc0.h
gsfunc0.o: gsfunc.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxarith.h
gsfunc0.o: gxfunc.h

gsfunc3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsfunc3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsfunc3.h
gsfunc3.o: gsfunc.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gxfunc.h

gsfunc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsfunc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfunc.h gsfunc.h
gsfunc.o: gsstruct.h

gshsb.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gshsb.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gshsb.h gxfrac.h

gsht1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsht1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsht1.o: gsutil.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gsht1.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsht1.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
gsht1.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsht1.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gsht1.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsht1.o: gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h
gsht1.o: gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gshtscr.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gshtscr.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gshtscr.o: gxarith.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gshtscr.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gshtscr.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
gshtscr.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gshtscr.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gshtscr.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gshtscr.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h
gshtscr.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gsht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsht.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsht.o: gsutil.h gxarith.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gsht.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gsht.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h
gsht.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gsht.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gsht.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gsht.o: gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gsimage.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsimage.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsimage.o: gscspace.h gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h
gsimage.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gsimage.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gsimage.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gsimage.o: gsmalloc.h gxiparam.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h
gsimage.o: gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gsimage.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gsimage.o: gxstate.h

gsimpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsimpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsstate.h
gsimpath.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h
gsimpath.o: gspath.h gspenum.h

gsinit.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h gscdefs.h
gsinit.o: gconfigv.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gslib.h

gsiodev.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gsiodev.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gp.h
gsiodev.o: gpgetenv.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gsparam.h gsstruct.h gxiodev.h
gsiodev.o: stat_.h

gsline.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gsline.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gsline.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gsline.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gsline.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gsline.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gsline.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzline.h

gsmalloc.o: malloc_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gdebug.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsmalloc.o: gsmemraw.h gsmdebug.h gsstruct.h gsmalloc.h

gsmatrix.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gsmatrix.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfarith.h
gsmatrix.o: gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h

gsmemory.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gsmemory.o: gsmdebug.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gsmisc.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h malloc_.h math_.h memory_.h
gsmisc.o: string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
gsmisc.o: gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gconfigv.h gxfarith.h
gsmisc.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h

gsnorop.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsnorop.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h
gsnorop.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gsnorop.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gsnorop.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gsnorop.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gdevmrop.h

gspaint.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gspaint.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gspaint.o: gsropt.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gspaint.h gspath.h
gspaint.o: gspenum.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gsrect.h gsrefct.h
gspaint.o: gsstruct.h gxpaint.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gspaint.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gspaint.o: gsbitops.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gspaint.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h
gspaint.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gspaint.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h

gsparams.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsparams.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsparams.h
gsparams.o: stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h gsparam.h

gsparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gsparam.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gsparam.o: gsparam.h gsstruct.h

gspath1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gspath1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gspath1.o: gxfixed.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gspath1.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gspath1.o: gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gspath1.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h
gspath1.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gspath.h
gspath1.o: gspenum.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gsrect.h gscoord.h

gspath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gspath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h
gspath.o: gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gspath.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gspath.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gspath.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gspath.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h
gspath.o: gsrect.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gspath.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gspath.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gspcolor.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gspcolor.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h
gspcolor.o: gsropt.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h
gspcolor.o: gsmatrix.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
gspcolor.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gspcolor.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h
gspcolor.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gspcolor.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gspcolor.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclip2.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h
gspcolor.o: gspath.h gspenum.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gsrect.h
gspcolor.o: gxp1fill.h gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h gzstate.h gxistate.h gxline.h
gspcolor.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gspcolor.o: gsimage.h gsiparm4.h

gsshade.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsshade.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gscspace.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsshade.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gsshade.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gsshade.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gsshade.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gxcpath.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gsshade.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gsshade.o: gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gsstate.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gsstate.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gsstate.o: gsutil.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gsstate.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gsstate.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gsstate.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
gsstate.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxcspace.h
gsstate.o: gscspace.h gxfrac.h gsalpha.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gsstate.o: gsuid.h gscoord.h gscie.h gxctable.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h gxdevice.h
gsstate.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gsstate.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxpcache.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h
gsstate.o: gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h gzline.h gspath.h gspenum.h gzpath.h
gsstate.o: gxpath.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gstext.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h gstypes.h gdebug.h gserror.h gserrors.h
gstext.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsstruct.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gstext.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gstext.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gstext.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gstext.o: gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
gstext.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gstext.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h

gstrap.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gstrap.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gstrap.h
gstrap.o: gsparam.h

gstype1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gstype1.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gstype1.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcoord.h
gstype1.o: gscoord.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h
gstype1.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h
gstype1.o: gsrect.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h
gstype1.o: gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h

gstype2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gstype2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gstype2.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcoord.h
gstype2.o: gscoord.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h
gstype2.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h
gstype2.o: gsrect.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h
gstype2.o: gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h

gstype42.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gstype42.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gstype42.o: gsccode.h gsmatrix.h gxfixed.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gstype42.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont42.h
gstype42.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h
gstype42.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h

gsutil.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gstypes.h gconfigv.h
gsutil.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsrect.h gsuid.h gsutil.h

gxacpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxacpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h gsropt.h
gxacpath.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxacpath.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxacpath.o: gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxacpath.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxacpath.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxpaint.h
gxacpath.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gzacpath.h

gxbcache.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxbcache.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsmdebug.h gxbcache.h
gxbcache.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsstruct.h

gxccache.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxccache.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxccache.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gxccache.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxccache.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h
gxccache.o: gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
gxccache.o: gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h
gxccache.o: gsrect.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gxccache.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxccache.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxchar.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxccache.o: gxftype.h gxfcache.h gxbcache.h gxxfont.h gscspace.h gsimage.h

gxccman.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxccman.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxccman.o: gsstruct.h gsbitops.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gxccman.o: gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h
gxccman.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxccman.o: gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h
gxccman.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h
gxccman.o: gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxccman.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxccman.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxchar.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxccman.o: gxftype.h gxfcache.h gxbcache.h gxxfont.h

gxcht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxcht.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsutil.h
gxcht.o: gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxcht.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxcht.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxcht.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxcht.o: gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h
gxcht.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
gxcht.o: gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxclbits.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclbits.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxclbits.o: gsbitops.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclbits.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclbits.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxclbits.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxclbits.o: gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h
gxclbits.o: gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
gxclbits.o: srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclbits.o: gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxclbits.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h

gxclimag.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gxclimag.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gxclimag.o: gscspace.h gxarith.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclimag.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclimag.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxclimag.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxclimag.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h
gxclimag.o: gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h
gxclimag.o: gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclimag.o: gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxclimag.o: gxclpath.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxiparam.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxclimag.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h siscale.h gconfigv.h

gxclip2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclip2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxclip2.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
gxclip2.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxclip2.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxclip2.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxclip2.o: gxclip2.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h

gxclipm.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclipm.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxclipm.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxclipm.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gxclipm.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gxclipm.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclipm.h
gxclipm.o: gxmclip.h gxclip.h

gxclip.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclip.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxclip.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxclip.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxclip.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclip.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxclip.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h
gxclip.o: gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxclist.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gxclist.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclist.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclist.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxclist.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxclist.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclist.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h
gxclist.o: gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxclist.o: scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h
gxclist.o: gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxclist.o: gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gsparams.h stream.h

gxclmem.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclmem.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmalloc.h
gxclmem.o: gxclmem.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gxclmem.o: ../config.h

gxclpage.o: gdevprn.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h
gxclpage.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h
gxclpage.o: gpgetenv.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxclpage.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxclpage.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxclpage.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxclpage.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gxclpage.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h
gxclpage.o: scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h
gxclpage.o: gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h
gxclpage.o: gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxclpage.h

gxclpath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gxclpath.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h
gxclpath.o: gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxclpath.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclpath.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxclpath.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxclpath.o: gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h
gxclpath.o: gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h
gxclpath.o: gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h
gxclpath.o: gpgetenv.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxclpath.o: gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gxclpath.o: gsuid.h gxpaint.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxclpath.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxclrast.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclrast.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclrast.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gsbitops.h gsparams.h stream.h scommon.h
gxclrast.o: gsstruct.h gsparam.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
gxclrast.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h
gxclrast.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxclrast.o: gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gxclrast.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxclrast.o: gsccode.h gsmalloc.h gscoord.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h
gxclrast.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scfx.h shc.h
gxclrast.o: gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h
gxclrast.o: gxbcache.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gxcmap.h
gxclrast.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxcspace.h gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h gxpaint.h
gxclrast.o: gdevht.h gzht.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxclrast.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gzacpath.h

gxclread.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxclread.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclread.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclread.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxclread.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxclread.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclread.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gscoord.h gsdevice.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h
gxclread.o: gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h
gxclread.o: strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h
gxclread.o: gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h
gxclread.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h gdevht.h
gxclread.o: gzht.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h stream.h

gxclrect.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxclrect.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h
gxclrect.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gxclrect.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxclrect.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxclrect.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h
gxclrect.o: gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h
gxclrect.o: gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h
gxclrect.o: gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gxbcache.h
gxclrect.o: gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gxclutil.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gxclutil.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
gxclutil.o: gpcheck.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxclutil.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
gxclutil.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gxclutil.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gxclutil.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxcldev.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h
gxclutil.o: gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxclutil.o: scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h srlx.h gxclist.h gscspace.h gxband.h
gxclutil.o: gxclio.h gxbcache.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxclutil.o: gxmatrix.h gxclpath.h gsparams.h stream.h

gxclzlib.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
gxclzlib.o: gxclmem.h gxclio.h gp.h gpgetenv.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
gxclzlib.o: szlibx.h

gxcmap.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxcmap.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxcmap.o: gxalpha.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfarith.h
gxcmap.o: gconfigv.h gxarith.h gxdcconv.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxcmap.o: gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxcmap.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxcmap.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h
gxcmap.o: gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gxlum.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h
gxcmap.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gxcmap.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdither.h

gxcpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxcpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h
gxcpath.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxcpath.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxcpath.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
gxcpath.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxcpath.o: gsmalloc.h gscoord.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h
gxcpath.o: gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxctable.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxctable.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxctable.h

gxdcconv.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdcconv.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxdcconv.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxdcconv.o: gxdcconv.h gxfrac.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h
gxdcconv.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxdcconv.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h
gxdcconv.o: gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxlum.h
gxdcconv.o: gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h

gxdcolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdcolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsbittab.h gxdcolor.h
gxdcolor.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gxdcolor.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevice.h
gxdcolor.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h
gxdcolor.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxdcolor.o: gsmalloc.h

gxdither.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxdither.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsstruct.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxdither.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxdither.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxdither.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxdither.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxlum.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h
gxdither.o: gxfrac.h gxtmap.h gxdither.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
gxdither.o: gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxfill.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxfill.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxfill.o: gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxfill.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxfill.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxfill.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxfill.o: gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h
gxfill.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h
gxfill.o: gxpaint.h

gxhint1.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxhint1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h
gxhint1.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxhint1.o: gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h
gxhint1.o: gxop1.h

gxhint2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxhint2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h
gxhint2.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h
gxhint2.o: gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h
gxhint2.o: gstype1.h gxop1.h

gxhint3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxhint3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxarith.h
gxhint3.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsccode.h gsfont.h
gxhint3.o: gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h
gxhint3.o: gstype1.h gxop1.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h
gxhint3.o: gsrect.h gsrefct.h

gxht.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxht.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h
gxht.o: gsbitops.h gsutil.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
gxht.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsropt.h
gxht.o: gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h
gxht.o: gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxht.o: gsmalloc.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gzht.h
gxht.o: gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h

gxi12bit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxi12bit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxi12bit.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h
gxi12bit.o: gsstruct.h gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gxi12bit.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gxi12bit.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxi12bit.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h
gxi12bit.o: gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzpath.h
gxi12bit.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h
gxi12bit.o: gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h siscale.h
gxi12bit.o: gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxicolor.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxicolor.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxicolor.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h
gxicolor.o: gsstruct.h gspaint.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h
gxicolor.o: gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxicolor.o: gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxicolor.o: gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h
gxicolor.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h
gxicolor.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
gxicolor.o: gxdcconv.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h
gxicolor.o: gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h
gxicolor.o: siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxidata.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxidata.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gserrors.h gxdevice.h
gxidata.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gxidata.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h
gxidata.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
gxidata.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcpath.h
gxidata.o: gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h strimpl.h
gxidata.o: scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxifast.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxifast.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gsbittab.h
gxifast.o: gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h
gxifast.o: gsstruct.h gspaint.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxifast.o: gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxifast.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxifast.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h
gxifast.o: gxfrac.h gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxifast.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gxifast.o: gxbitops.h gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h
gxifast.o: scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h
gxifast.o: gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxiinit.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxiinit.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h math_.h memory_.h gpcheck.h
gxiinit.o: gserrors.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h
gxiinit.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h gspaint.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
gxiinit.o: gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxiinit.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
gxiinit.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gxiinit.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxiinit.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
gxiinit.o: gsmalloc.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h
gxiinit.o: gxcpath.h gxdevmem.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h
gxiinit.o: scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h
gxiinit.o: gdevmrop.h

gximage3.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gximage3.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gximage3.o: gsbitops.h gscspace.h gsiparm3.h gsiparam.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h
gximage3.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
gximage3.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gximage3.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
gximage3.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxclipm.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h
gximage3.o: gxiparam.h gxistate.h gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gximage3.o: gxtmap.h

gximage4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gximage4.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gscspace.h
gximage4.o: gsiparm3.h gsiparam.h gsmatrix.h gsiparm4.h gxiparam.h gxdevcli.h
gximage4.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
gximage4.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
gximage4.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h

gximono.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gximono.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gximono.o: gxfixed.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gximono.o: gspaint.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
gximono.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
gximono.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gximono.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h
gximono.o: gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gzpath.h
gximono.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gdevmem.h
gximono.o: gxbitops.h gxcpath.h gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h
gximono.o: scommon.h siscale.h gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h
gximono.o: gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxdht.h

gxiscale.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxiscale.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h math_.h memory_.h gpcheck.h
gxiscale.o: gserrors.h gxfixed.h gxfrac.h gxarith.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h
gxiscale.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gspaint.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxiscale.o: gsdcolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxiscale.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h
gxiscale.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gscsel.h
gxiscale.o: gxfmap.h gxtmap.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxiscale.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxdevmem.h gxcpath.h
gxiscale.o: gximage.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h strimpl.h scommon.h siscale.h
gxiscale.o: gconfigv.h gxdda.h gxiparam.h gxsample.h

gxmclip.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxmclip.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxmclip.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxmclip.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
gxmclip.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxmclip.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxdevmem.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h

gxp1fill.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxp1fill.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrop.h
gxp1fill.o: gsropt.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h
gxp1fill.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
gxp1fill.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h
gxp1fill.o: gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxp1fill.o: gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
gxp1fill.o: gsccode.h gxdevmem.h gxclip2.h gxmclip.h gxclip.h gxpcolor.h
gxp1fill.o: gxpcache.h gxp1fill.h

gxpaint.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpaint.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
gxpaint.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h
gxpaint.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gxpaint.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxpaint.o: gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
gxpaint.o: gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gxpaint.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxpaint.h
gxpaint.o: gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h

gxpath2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxpath2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gxfixed.h
gxpath2.o: gxarith.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxpath2.o: gsmatrix.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpath.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpath.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h
gxpath.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h
gxpath.o: gsrefct.h

gxpcmap.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
gxpcmap.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
gxpcmap.o: gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h
gxpcmap.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h
gxpcmap.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h
gxpcmap.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
gxpcmap.o: gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
gxpcmap.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
gxpcmap.o: gxdevmem.h gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gxistate.h
gxpcmap.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
gxpcmap.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gspenum.h gsrect.h
gxpcmap.o: gzcpath.h gxcpath.h

gxpcopy.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxpcopy.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gconfigv.h
gxpcopy.o: gxfixed.h gxfarith.h gxarith.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h
gxpcopy.o: gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpdash.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxpdash.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
gxpdash.o: gxfixed.h gsline.h gslparam.h gzline.h gxline.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxpdash.o: gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxpflat.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxpflat.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gzpath.h
gxpflat.o: gxpath.h gscpm.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gsmatrix.h
gxpflat.o: gsrefct.h gsstruct.h

gxsample.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
gxsample.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gxsample.h

gxshade1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxshade1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h
gxshade1.o: gscoord.h gspath.h gspenum.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
gxshade1.o: gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h
gxshade1.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
gxshade1.o: gxfarith.h gconfigv.h gxfixed.h gxistate.h gsrefct.h gxcvalue.h
gxshade1.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gsrect.h
gxshade1.o: gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gxshade4.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxshade4.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h
gxshade4.o: gscoord.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h
gxshade4.o: gxfrac.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxshade4.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxshade4.o: gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h
gxshade4.o: gstext.h gsccode.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
gxshade4.o: gxtmap.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gxshade.h gsshade.h
gxshade4.o: gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h gxshade4.h

gxshade6.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxshade6.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsmatrix.h
gxshade6.o: gscoord.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h
gxshade6.o: gxfrac.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxshade6.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gsrefct.h
gxshade6.o: gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h
gxshade6.o: gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h
gxshade6.o: gxshade4.h gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h

gxshade.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxshade.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsrect.h
gxshade.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
gxshade.o: gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
gxshade.o: gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
gxshade.o: gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxshade.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h
gxshade.o: gxmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxdht.h gscsepnm.h gxhttype.h gxpaint.h
gxshade.o: gxshade.h gsshade.h gsdsrc.h gsfunc.h stream.h scommon.h

gxstroke.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxstroke.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h gserrors.h
gxstroke.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
gxstroke.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gxfixed.h gxfarith.h gconfigv.h
gxstroke.o: gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h gsdevice.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
gxstroke.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
gxstroke.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxistate.h
gxstroke.o: gscsel.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gzline.h gzpath.h gxpath.h
gxstroke.o: gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzcpath.h gxcpath.h gxpaint.h

gxtype1.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
gxtype1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h gsccode.h
gxtype1.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxistate.h
gxtype1.o: gscsel.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gxmatrix.h
gxtype1.o: gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gxcoord.h gscoord.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h
gxtype1.o: gxftype.h gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h
gxtype1.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gspenum.h gsrect.h

ialloc.o: gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
ialloc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h memory_.h errors.h gsstruct.h
ialloc.o: gxarith.h iref.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
ialloc.o: gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h ipacked.h
ialloc.o: iutil.h store.h

ibnum.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
ibnum.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
ibnum.o: errors.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h ibnum.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
ibnum.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h iutil.h

iccinit0.o: stdpre.h

iconfig.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
iconfig.o: gconf.h gconfig.h ../config.h iref.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h opdef.h
iconfig.o: iminst.h

icontext.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
icontext.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h
icontext.o: gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h errors.h
icontext.o: stream.h scommon.h files.h idict.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
icontext.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h
icontext.o: istruct.h icontext.h icstate.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
icontext.o: interp.h isave.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h estack.h iestack.h
icontext.o: ostack.h iostack.h store.h ialloc.h

idebug.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
idebug.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h
idebug.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idebug.h idict.h iname.h
idebug.o: inames.h ipacked.h istack.h iutil.h opdef.h

idict.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
idict.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
idict.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idebug.h inamedef.h inames.h
idict.o: gconfigv.h gsstruct.h iname.h ipacked.h isave.h store.h ialloc.h
idict.o: idict.h idictdef.h iutil.h idstack.h istack.h

idparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
idparam.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
idparam.o: errors.h gsmatrix.h gsuid.h idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h imemory.h
idparam.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h inames.h iutil.h oper.h
idparam.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h store.h
idparam.o: ialloc.h

idstack.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
idstack.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h idict.h idictdef.h
idstack.o: idstack.h istack.h inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h gsstruct.h
idstack.o: iname.h ipacked.h iutil.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

igcref.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
igcref.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsexit.h
igcref.o: gsstruct.h iname.h inames.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
igcref.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
igcref.o: gsgc.h idebug.h igc.h ipacked.h store.h

igcstr.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
igcstr.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsmdebug.h
igcstr.o: gsstruct.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
igcstr.o: gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h igcstr.h

igc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
igc.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h gsexit.h
igc.o: gsmdebug.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
igc.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
igc.o: isave.h isstate.h idict.h ipacked.h igc.h igcstr.h inamedef.h inames.h
igc.o: gconfigv.h opdef.h

iinit.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iinit.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gscdefs.h
iinit.o: gconfigv.h gsexit.h gsstruct.h errors.h ialloc.h imemory.h
iinit.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h
iinit.o: ilevel.h iname.h inames.h interp.h ipacked.h iparray.h iutil.h
iinit.o: opdef.h store.h

ilocate.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
ilocate.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h errors.h
ilocate.o: gsexit.h gsstruct.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h
ilocate.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
ilocate.o: gsgc.h idict.h igc.h igcstr.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h isstate.h
ilocate.o: iutil.h store.h

imainarg.o: ctype_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h
imainarg.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
imainarg.o: gdebug.h iref.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gsargs.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h
imainarg.o: gsmalloc.h gsmdebug.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
imainarg.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
imainarg.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
imainarg.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
imainarg.o: gsparam.h gxdevmem.h gsdevice.h stream.h scommon.h errors.h
imainarg.o: estack.h iestack.h istack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
imainarg.o: gsalloc.h strimpl.h sfilter.h ostack.h iostack.h iscan.h sa85x.h
imainarg.o: sstring.h imain.h gsexit.h imainarg.h iminst.h iname.h inames.h
imainarg.o: store.h files.h interp.h iutil.h

imain.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
imain.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
imain.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h gslib.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
imain.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
imain.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
imain.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
imain.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h errors.h oper.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
imain.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h idebug.h idict.h iname.h
imain.o: inames.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h stream.h scommon.h
imain.o: files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h
imain.o: sfilter.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h main.h imain.h gsexit.h iminst.h
imain.o: store.h isave.h interp.h

iname.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
iname.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
iname.o: gsstruct.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h errors.h inamedef.h
iname.o: inames.h gconfigv.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h isave.h
iname.o: store.h ialloc.h

interp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
interp.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
interp.o: gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h errors.h estack.h iestack.h istack.h
interp.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iastruct.h gxobj.h
interp.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h icontext.h icstate.h inamedef.h inames.h
interp.o: gconfigv.h iname.h interp.h ipacked.h ostack.h iostack.h strimpl.h
interp.o: sfilter.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h idict.h isave.h iutil.h
interp.o: dstack.h idstack.h files.h oper.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
interp.o: store.h

iparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
iparam.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
iparam.o: errors.h oper.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
iparam.o: opcheck.h iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
iparam.o: idict.h iname.h inames.h iparam.h gsparam.h store.h

ireclaim.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
ireclaim.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
ireclaim.o: gsstruct.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h gxobj.h gxbitmap.h
ireclaim.o: gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
ireclaim.o: icontext.h icstate.h interp.h isave.h isstate.h dstack.h
ireclaim.o: idstack.h istack.h estack.h iestack.h ostack.h iostack.h opdef.h
ireclaim.o: store.h

isave.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
isave.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h errors.h
isave.o: gsexit.h gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h iastate.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h
isave.o: gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h
isave.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h inamedef.h inames.h gconfigv.h iname.h ipacked.h
isave.o: isave.h isstate.h store.h gsutil.h

iscanbin.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
iscanbin.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
iscanbin.o: gsutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h sfilter.h
iscanbin.o: errors.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
iscanbin.o: dstack.h idstack.h istack.h ostack.h iostack.h iname.h inames.h
iscanbin.o: iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h iutil.h store.h btoken.h ibnum.h

iscannum.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
iscannum.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h errors.h
iscannum.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h iscannum.h scanchar.h store.h ialloc.h
iscannum.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

iscan.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
iscan.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h stream.h
iscan.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h errors.h files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
iscan.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h istack.h ilevel.h
iscan.o: iname.h inames.h ipacked.h iparray.h strimpl.h sfilter.h ostack.h
iscan.o: iostack.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h iscannum.h istream.h istruct.h
iscan.o: iutil.h store.h scanchar.h

istack.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
istack.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h
istack.o: gsutil.h errors.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
istack.o: istack.h istruct.h iutil.h store.h

iutil2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
iutil2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
iutil2.o: errors.h opcheck.h gsparam.h gsutil.h idict.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
iutil2.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h iutil.h iutil2.h

iutil.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h
iutil.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
iutil.o: iref.h errors.h idict.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
iutil.o: iname.h inames.h ipacked.h iutil.h oper.h ostack.h iostack.h
iutil.o: istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h store.h ialloc.h gsccode.h
iutil.o: gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h

sbcp.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
sbcp.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h

sbhc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sbhc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sbhc.h shc.h gsbittab.h
sbhc.o: shcgen.h

sbwbs.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h
sbwbs.o: scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h
sbwbs.o: sbwbs.h

scantab.o: stdpre.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
scantab.o: scanchar.h

scfdtab.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
scfdtab.o: gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h

scfd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
scfd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfd.o: scfx.h

scfetab.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
scfetab.o: gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h

scfe.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
scfe.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfe.o: scfx.h

scfparam.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h
scfparam.o: gsmemraw.h gsparam.h scommon.h gsstruct.h scf.h shc.h gsbittab.h
scfparam.o: scfx.h

sdcparam.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h
sdcparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sdcparam.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

sdctc.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
sdctc.o: gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sdct.h

sdctd.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h gdebug.h
sdctd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h
sdctd.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sdcte.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h gdebug.h
sdcte.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h
sdcte.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sddparam.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h
sddparam.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
sddparam.o: sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

sdeparam.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h
sdeparam.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sdeparam.o: gsstruct.h sdct.h sdcparam.h sjpeg.h

seexec.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
seexec.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h gscrypt1.h scanchar.h

sfilter1.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sfilter1.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sfilter.h

sfilter2.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
sfilter2.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sa85x.h sbtx.h
sfilter2.o: scanchar.h

sfxstdio.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h
sfxstdio.o: stream.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
sfxstdio.o: strimpl.h

shcgen.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h gdebug.h gserror.h
shcgen.o: gserrors.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
shcgen.o: shc.h gsbittab.h shcgen.h

shc.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h
shc.o: gsstruct.h shc.h gsbittab.h

siscale.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h stdio_.h strimpl.h
siscale.o: scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h siscale.h
siscale.o: gconfigv.h

sjpegc.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h
sjpegc.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
sjpegc.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sjpegd.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h
sjpegd.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
sjpegd.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

sjpegerr.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h

sjpege.o: ../config.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h gx.h gserror.h
sjpege.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h gserrors.h
sjpege.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h sjpeg.h

slzwce.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
slzwce.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h slzwx.h

slzwc.o: std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
slzwc.o: gstypes.h gsstruct.h slzwx.h

slzwd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gdebug.h strimpl.h scommon.h
slzwd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h slzwx.h

smtf.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
smtf.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h smtf.h

spcxd.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
spcxd.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h spcxx.h

spdiff.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
spdiff.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h spdiffx.h

spngp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsmemory.h
spngp.o: gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h spngpx.h

srld.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
srld.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h srlx.h

srle.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h strimpl.h scommon.h
srle.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h srlx.h

sstring.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h strimpl.h
sstring.o: scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h sstring.h
sstring.o: scanchar.h

stream.o: stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h gdebug.h gpcheck.h
stream.o: stream.h scommon.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h
stream.o: strimpl.h

szlibc.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gserrors.h gstypes.h
szlibc.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h scommon.h
szlibc.o: szlibxx.h szlibx.h

szlibd.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h
szlibd.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h szlibxx.h szlibx.h

szlibe.o: ../config.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gsmalloc.h
szlibe.o: strimpl.h scommon.h gstypes.h gsstruct.h szlibxx.h szlibx.h

zarith.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zarith.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zarith.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zarith.o: iutil.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zarray.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zarray.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h
zarray.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ipacked.h oper.h errors.h
zarray.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zarray.o: store.h

zbseq.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zbseq.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zbseq.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zbseq.o: iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h btoken.h
zbseq.o: store.h

zcfont.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcfont.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcfont.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcfont.o: gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h gsmatrix.h gxfixed.h gxfont.h gsfont.h
zcfont.o: gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxchar.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h
zcfont.o: estack.h iestack.h ichar.h ifont.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zcfont.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h
zcfont.o: istruct.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zchar1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zchar1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zchar1.o: gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxchar.h gschar.h
zchar1.o: gsccode.h gscpm.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
zchar1.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zchar1.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zchar1.o: gxcvalue.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
zchar1.o: gxfont1.h gxtype1.h gscrypt1.h gstype1.h gxop1.h gzstate.h
zchar1.o: gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h
zchar1.o: gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gspaint.h
zchar1.o: gspath.h gspenum.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zchar1.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h ichar.h icharout.h idict.h ifont.h igstate.h
zchar1.o: istruct.h iname.h inames.h store.h

zchar2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zchar2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zchar2.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zchar2.o: gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gxfont.h
zchar2.o: gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxchar.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h
zchar2.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zchar2.o: ichar.h ifont.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zchar2.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h iname.h
zchar2.o: inames.h store.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h gspath.h gspenum.h

zchar32.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zchar32.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zchar32.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zchar32.o: gsccode.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h
zchar32.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h
zchar32.o: gxftype.h gxfcache.h gsxfont.h gxbcache.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zchar32.o: ifont.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zchar32.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h
zchar32.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar42.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zchar42.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zchar42.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zchar42.o: gsmatrix.h gspaint.h gspath.h gspenum.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h
zchar42.o: gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h
zchar42.o: gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h gxfont42.h gxistate.h
zchar42.o: gscsel.h gsropt.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h
zchar42.o: gxtmap.h gxpath.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h
zchar42.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zchar42.o: gsbitops.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h
zchar42.o: gxstate.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h ichar.h icharout.h
zchar42.o: ifont.h igstate.h istruct.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zchar42.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zcharout.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcharout.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcharout.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcharout.o: gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h
zcharout.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcharout.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
zcharout.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
zcharout.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h dstack.h
zcharout.o: idstack.h estack.h iestack.h ichar.h icharout.h idict.h ifont.h
zcharout.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zcharout.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h ialloc.h
zcharout.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zchar.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zchar.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zchar.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zchar.o: gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxchar.h
zchar.o: gschar.h gsccode.h gscpm.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxdevice.h
zchar.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zchar.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zchar.o: gxcvalue.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
zchar.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gslparam.h gspenum.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h
zchar.o: gscsel.h gxistate.h gxline.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zchar.o: gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h
zchar.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ichar.h idict.h
zchar.o: ifont.h igstate.h istruct.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h
zchar.o: store.h

zcid.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcid.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcid.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcid.o: gsmatrix.h gsccode.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h gxftype.h
zcid.o: bfont.h ifont.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zcid.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zcie.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zcie.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zcie.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zcie.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h
zcie.o: gscsel.h gxfrac.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h
zcie.o: gsbitmap.h gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h gxfixed.h estack.h iestack.h
zcie.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h
zcie.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h
zcie.o: gsht.h gxstate.h istruct.h icie.h isave.h store.h

zcolor1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcolor1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcolor1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcolor1.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zcolor1.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zcolor1.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h
zcolor1.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
zcolor1.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcolor1.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
zcolor1.o: gxline.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
zcolor1.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
zcolor1.o: gxfrac.h gscolor1.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h icolor.h iimage.h

zcolor2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcolor2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcolor2.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcolor2.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h
zcolor2.o: gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h
zcolor2.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h
zcolor2.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
zcolor2.o: gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
zcolor2.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
zcolor2.o: gxdevmem.h gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h
zcolor2.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istruct.h idict.h idparam.h
zcolor2.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h
zcolor2.o: gxstate.h store.h

zcolor.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcolor.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcolor.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcolor.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zcolor.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zcolor.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h
zcolor.o: gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h
zcolor.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcolor.o: gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h
zcolor.o: gxline.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
zcolor.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gxcmap.h gxfmap.h
zcolor.o: gxfrac.h icolor.h

zcontrol.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zcontrol.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h stream.h
zcontrol.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
zcontrol.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h iestack.h files.h
zcontrol.o: ipacked.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zcrd.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcrd.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcrd.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcrd.o: gsstruct.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h
zcrd.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscrd.h gscie.h gsrefct.h gxctable.h
zcrd.o: gxfixed.h gxfrac.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zcrd.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zcrd.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h
zcrd.o: istruct.h icie.h store.h

zcsdevn.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcsdevn.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcsdevn.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcsdevn.o: gxcspace.h gscspace.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h
zcsdevn.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcsdevn.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zcsdevn.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gxstate.h istruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zcsdevn.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h inames.h

zcsindex.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zcsindex.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zcsindex.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zcsindex.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gxcspace.h
zcsindex.o: gscspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h
zcsindex.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcsindex.o: gsrefct.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zcsindex.o: gsalloc.h icsmap.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zcsindex.o: gslparam.h gsht.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zcspixel.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcspixel.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcspixel.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcspixel.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zcspixel.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h
zcspixel.o: gscspace.h gsmatrix.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h
zcspixel.o: gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gscpixel.h

zcssepr.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zcssepr.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zcssepr.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zcssepr.o: gsstruct.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gscsepr.h gscspace.h
zcssepr.o: gxcspace.h gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h
zcssepr.o: gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h
zcssepr.o: gsrefct.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zcssepr.o: gsalloc.h icsmap.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zcssepr.o: gslparam.h gsht.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zdevcal.o: time_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ../config.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zdevcal.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zdevcal.o: gxiodev.h stat_.h istack.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zdevice2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zdevice2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zdevice2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zdevice2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h dstack.h idstack.h estack.h iestack.h idict.h
zdevice2.o: idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zdevice2.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h
zdevice2.o: iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zdevice2.o: gsalloc.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
zdevice2.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
zdevice2.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zdevice2.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h

zdevice.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zdevice.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zdevice.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zdevice.o: iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zdevice.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zdevice.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h iname.h
zdevice.o: inames.h interp.h iparam.h gsparam.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h
zdevice.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zdevice.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
zdevice.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
zdevice.o: gsccode.h gsmalloc.h gxgetbit.h gxbitfmt.h store.h

zdict.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zdict.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zdict.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zdict.o: idict.h dstack.h idstack.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h
zdict.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zdps1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zdps1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zdps1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zdps1.o: gsmatrix.h gspath.h gspenum.h gspath2.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h
zdps1.o: gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h ialloc.h
zdps1.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h igstate.h gxstate.h istruct.h
zdps1.o: gsstruct.h store.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h

zfbcp.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfbcp.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfbcp.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfbcp.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfbcp.o: stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfcmap.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfcmap.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfcmap.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfcmap.o: gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gsutil.h gxfcmap.h gsfcmap.h gsccode.h
zfcmap.o: gsuid.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gxftype.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zfcmap.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h ifont.h iname.h inames.h store.h

zfdctd.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h ghost.h gx.h
zfdctd.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfdctd.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfdctd.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gsmalloc.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h
zfdctd.o: sjpeg.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h ifilter.h
zfdctd.o: istream.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zfdcte.o: ../config.h memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h ghost.h gx.h
zfdcte.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfdcte.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfdcte.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gsmalloc.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfdcte.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h sdct.h
zfdcte.o: sjpeg.h ifilter.h istream.h iparam.h gsparam.h

zfdecode.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfdecode.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfdecode.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfdecode.o: iutil.h gsparam.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfdecode.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h iparam.h store.h stream.h
zfdecode.o: scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h sa85x.h scfx.h shc.h gsbittab.h
zfdecode.o: scf.h slzwx.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfileio.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfileio.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h gpgetenv.h
zfileio.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfileio.o: opcheck.h iutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h files.h store.h
zfileio.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h ifilter.h
zfileio.o: istream.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zfileio.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zfileio.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zfileio.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
zfileio.o: gxdevmem.h

zfile.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zfile.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfile.o: gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gp.h gpgetenv.h gsstruct.h gxalloc.h gsalloc.h
zfile.o: gxobj.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h
zfile.o: istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h iestack.h
zfile.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h ilevel.h interp.h isave.h
zfile.o: stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h gxiodev.h stat_.h files.h
zfile.o: fname.h main.h imain.h gsexit.h iminst.h store.h

zfilter2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfilter2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfilter2.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfilter2.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfilter2.o: idict.h idparam.h store.h strimpl.h scommon.h sfilter.h scfx.h
zfilter2.o: shc.h gsbittab.h slzwx.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h ifilter.h istream.h

zfilterx.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfilterx.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfilterx.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfilterx.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfilterx.o: idict.h idparam.h store.h strimpl.h scommon.h sfilter.h sbwbs.h
zfilterx.o: sbhc.h shc.h gsbittab.h sbtx.h shcgen.h smtf.h spcxx.h ifilter.h
zfilterx.o: istream.h

zfilter.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfilter.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfilter.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfilter.o: iutil.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfilter.o: idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h sfilter.h
zfilter.o: srlx.h sstring.h ifilter.h istream.h files.h

zfname.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfname.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfname.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfname.o: iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h stream.h
zfname.o: scommon.h gsstruct.h gxiodev.h stat_.h fname.h

zfont0.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfont0.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfont0.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfont0.o: gsstruct.h gxfixed.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gzstate.h gscpm.h
zfont0.o: gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zfont0.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h
zfont0.o: gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxline.h gslparam.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
zfont0.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h
zfont0.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h
zfont0.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfcmap.h gsfcmap.h gsuid.h
zfont0.o: gxfont.h gsfont.h gxftype.h gxfont0.h bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h
zfont0.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h
zfont0.o: istruct.h iname.h inames.h store.h

zfont1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfont1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfont1.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfont1.o: gxfixed.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zfont1.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zfont1.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h
zfont1.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
zfont1.o: gschar.h gscpm.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfont1.h
zfont1.o: bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfont1.o: idict.h idparam.h store.h

zfont2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zfont2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zfont2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zfont2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gxfixed.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
zfont2.o: gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zfont2.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
zfont2.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
zfont2.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gscpm.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h
zfont2.o: bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zfont2.o: idict.h idparam.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h interp.h ipacked.h
zfont2.o: istruct.h store.h

zfont32.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfont32.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfont32.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfont32.o: gsccode.h gsmatrix.h gsutil.h gxfixed.h gxchar.h gschar.h gscpm.h
zfont32.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsrefct.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h
zfont32.o: gxftype.h bfont.h ifont.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zfont32.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zfont42.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfont42.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfont42.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfont42.o: iutil.h gsccode.h gsmatrix.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gsstruct.h
zfont42.o: gxftype.h gxfont42.h bfont.h ifont.h idict.h idparam.h store.h
zfont42.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zfont.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zfont.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zfont.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zfont.o: gsstruct.h gzstate.h gscpm.h gsrefct.h gxdcolor.h gscsel.h
zfont.o: gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h
zfont.o: gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsropt.h gxistate.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h
zfont.o: gxline.h gslparam.h gxmatrix.h gsmatrix.h gxtmap.h gsstate.h
zfont.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gscolor.h gsht.h gxstate.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h
zfont.o: gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h
zfont.o: gsmalloc.h gschar.h gxfont.h gsfont.h gsuid.h gxftype.h gxfcache.h
zfont.o: gxbcache.h bfont.h ifont.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfont.o: gsalloc.h idict.h igstate.h istruct.h iname.h inames.h isave.h
zfont.o: store.h

zfproc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfproc.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfproc.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfproc.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zfproc.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h istruct.h stream.h scommon.h strimpl.h ifilter.h
zfproc.o: istream.h files.h store.h

zfreuse.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfreuse.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfreuse.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfreuse.o: iutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h sfilter.h files.h
zfreuse.o: idict.h idparam.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zfreuse.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zfunc0.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfunc0.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfunc0.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfunc0.o: iutil.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h gsfunc.h gsfunc0.h stream.h scommon.h
zfunc0.o: files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zfunc0.o: idparam.h ifunc.h

zfunc3.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfunc3.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfunc3.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfunc3.o: iutil.h gsfunc3.h gsfunc.h gsdsrc.h gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h
zfunc3.o: files.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zfunc3.o: idparam.h ifunc.h store.h

zfunc.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zfunc.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfunc.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfunc.o: iutil.h gsfunc.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zfunc.o: gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h ifunc.h store.h

zfzlib.o: ../config.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h
zfzlib.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zfzlib.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zfzlib.o: iutil.h idict.h strimpl.h scommon.h gsstruct.h spdiffx.h spngpx.h
zfzlib.o: szlibx.h ifilter.h istream.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

zgeneric.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zgeneric.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zgeneric.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zgeneric.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h idict.h iname.h inames.h ipacked.h
zgeneric.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zgstate.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zgstate.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zgstate.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zgstate.o: iutil.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h
zgstate.o: istruct.h gsstruct.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zgstate.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h gsmatrix.h
zgstate.o: store.h

zhsb.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zhsb.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zhsb.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zhsb.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h
zhsb.o: gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h store.h ialloc.h
zhsb.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h gshsb.h

zht1.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zht1.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h oper.h
zht1.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zht1.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zht1.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zht1.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsmatrix.h
zht1.o: gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h
zht1.o: gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h
zht1.o: gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h
zht1.o: gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h
zht1.o: gxhttype.h gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h iht.h store.h

zht2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zht2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zht2.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zht2.o: gsstruct.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h
zht2.o: gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
zht2.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zht2.o: gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h
zht2.o: gscsel.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h
zht2.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zht2.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h
zht2.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h gxstate.h istruct.h icolor.h
zht2.o: iht.h store.h

zht.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h
zht.o: gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h memory_.h oper.h errors.h
zht.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zht.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zht.o: gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zht.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsmatrix.h gxdevice.h
zht.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zht.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h
zht.o: gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h
zht.o: gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gzht.h gxht.h gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gxhttype.h
zht.o: gxfmap.h gxfrac.h gxdht.h iht.h store.h

zimage2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zimage2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zimage2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zimage2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h
zimage2.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h
zimage2.o: gsbitmap.h gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxfixed.h idict.h
zimage2.o: idparam.h iimage.h iimage2.h ilevel.h igstate.h gsstate.h
zimage2.o: gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h

zimage3.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zimage3.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zimage3.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zimage3.o: iutil.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsccolor.h
zimage3.o: gsstruct.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsiparm3.h gsiparam.h
zimage3.o: gsmatrix.h gsiparm4.h gxiparam.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zimage3.o: gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
zimage3.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h idict.h
zimage3.o: idparam.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zimage3.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h iimage.h
zimage3.o: iimage2.h

zimage.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zimage.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zimage.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zimage.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zimage.o: gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zimage.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h ilevel.h
zimage.o: store.h gscspace.h gsmatrix.h gsimage.h gsiparam.h gxiparam.h
zimage.o: gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h
zimage.o: gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h
zimage.o: gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h gxfixed.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h stream.h
zimage.o: scommon.h ifilter.h istream.h iimage.h

ziodev2.o: string_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
ziodev2.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gp.h
ziodev2.o: gpgetenv.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h
ziodev2.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h
ziodev2.o: gxiodev.h stat_.h dstack.h idstack.h files.h iparam.h gsparam.h
ziodev2.o: iutil2.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

ziodev.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h stdio_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h
ziodev.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
ziodev.o: gp.h gpgetenv.h gpcheck.h gsstruct.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
ziodev.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h stream.h
ziodev.o: scommon.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iscan.h
ziodev.o: sa85x.h sstring.h gxiodev.h stat_.h files.h scanchar.h store.h

zmath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zmath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gxfarith.h
zmath.o: gconfigv.h gxarith.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h
zmath.o: opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zmath.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmatrix.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zmatrix.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zmatrix.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zmatrix.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zmatrix.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h
zmatrix.o: gscoord.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmedia2.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zmedia2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zmedia2.o: gsmatrix.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h
zmedia2.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h idict.h idparam.h iname.h inames.h
zmedia2.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmisc1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zmisc1.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zmisc1.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zmisc1.o: iutil.h gscrypt1.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h
zmisc1.o: sfilter.h idict.h idparam.h ifilter.h istream.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h

zmisc2.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zmisc2.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zmisc2.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zmisc2.o: opcheck.h iutil.h estack.h iestack.h idict.h idparam.h iparam.h
zmisc2.o: gsparam.h dstack.h idstack.h ilevel.h iname.h inames.h iutil2.h
zmisc2.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h gsalloc.h

zmisc3.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zmisc3.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsclipsr.h oper.h
zmisc3.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zmisc3.o: iutil.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zmisc3.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h
zmisc3.o: store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h

zmisc.o: errno_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h
zmisc.o: stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h
zmisc.o: iref.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gp.h gpgetenv.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h
zmisc.o: iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h ialloc.h
zmisc.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h dstack.h idstack.h
zmisc.o: iname.h inames.h ipacked.h store.h

zpacked.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpacked.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h imemory.h
zpacked.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h iname.h inames.h istack.h
zpacked.o: ipacked.h iparray.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h opdef.h
zpacked.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zpaint.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpaint.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zpaint.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zpaint.o: gspaint.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zpaint.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h

zpath1.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zpath1.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zpath1.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zpath1.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zpath1.o: gsalloc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zpath1.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h
zpath1.o: gspath.h gspenum.h store.h

zpath.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zpath.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zpath.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gscolor.h
zpath.o: gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h gsstruct.h gsmatrix.h
zpath.o: gspath.h gspenum.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zpath.o: gsalloc.h

zpcolor.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zpcolor.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zpcolor.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zpcolor.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsmatrix.h gsstruct.h gxcspace.h gscspace.h
zpcolor.o: gsccolor.h gscsel.h gxfrac.h gxfixed.h gxcolor2.h gscolor2.h
zpcolor.o: gsptype1.h gspcolor.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsrefct.h
zpcolor.o: gxdcolor.h gsdcolor.h gxarith.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h gsbitops.h
zpcolor.o: gsropt.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsiparam.h gsxfont.h
zpcolor.o: gxcvalue.h gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h
zpcolor.o: gxdevmem.h gxpcolor.h gxpcache.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h
zpcolor.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istruct.h idict.h idparam.h
zpcolor.o: igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h gsht.h
zpcolor.o: gxstate.h store.h

zrelbit.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zrelbit.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zrelbit.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zrelbit.o: gsutil.h idict.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zrelbit.o: gsalloc.h

zshade.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zshade.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h
zshade.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zshade.o: iutil.h gscolor3.h gscspace.h gscolor2.h gsptype1.h gspcolor.h
zshade.o: gsccolor.h gsstruct.h gsuid.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gsfunc3.h
zshade.o: gsfunc.h gsdsrc.h gsshade.h gsmatrix.h stream.h scommon.h files.h
zshade.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h idict.h idparam.h
zshade.o: ifunc.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zshade.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h store.h

zstack.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zstack.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h ialloc.h
zstack.o: imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h istack.h oper.h errors.h
zstack.o: ostack.h iostack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zstring.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h
zstring.o: gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsutil.h
zstring.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iname.h inames.h
zstring.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zstring.o: opcheck.h iutil.h store.h

zsysvm.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zsysvm.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zsysvm.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zsysvm.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h store.h

ztoken.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
ztoken.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
ztoken.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
ztoken.o: estack.h iestack.h gsstruct.h stream.h scommon.h files.h store.h
ztoken.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h strimpl.h sfilter.h
ztoken.o: iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h

ztrap.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
ztrap.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
ztrap.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
ztrap.o: ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h iparam.h gsparam.h
ztrap.o: gstrap.h

ztype.o: math_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h memory_.h string_.h gsexit.h ghost.h
ztype.o: gx.h stdio_.h gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h
ztype.o: gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h
ztype.o: opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
ztype.o: idict.h iname.h inames.h stream.h scommon.h gsstruct.h strimpl.h
ztype.o: sfilter.h iscan.h sa85x.h sstring.h dstack.h idstack.h store.h
ztype.o: ialloc.h

zupath.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zupath.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zupath.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zupath.o: idict.h dstack.h idstack.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h
zupath.o: gslparam.h gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h
zupath.o: gsstruct.h iname.h inames.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h
zupath.o: gsgc.h gsalloc.h stream.h scommon.h ibnum.h gsmatrix.h gscoord.h
zupath.o: gspaint.h gxfixed.h gxdevice.h gxdevcli.h gscompt.h gsdcolor.h
zupath.o: gsccolor.h gxarith.h gxbitmap.h gsbitmap.h gxhttile.h gxcindex.h
zupath.o: gsbitops.h gsiparam.h gsrefct.h gsropt.h gsxfont.h gxcvalue.h
zupath.o: gxtext.h gstext.h gsccode.h gsparam.h gsmalloc.h gspath.h gspenum.h
zupath.o: gzpath.h gxpath.h gscpm.h gsrect.h gzstate.h gxdcolor.h gxistate.h
zupath.o: gxline.h gxmatrix.h

zusparam.o: memory_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h string_.h ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h
zusparam.o: gserror.h gsio.h gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h
zusparam.o: oper.h errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h
zusparam.o: opcheck.h iutil.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h gsstruct.h gsfont.h gxht.h
zusparam.o: gscsepnm.h gsht1.h gsht.h gsrefct.h gxhttype.h gxtmap.h gsutil.h
zusparam.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zusparam.o: icontext.h icstate.h idict.h idparam.h iparam.h gsparam.h
zusparam.o: dstack.h idstack.h iname.h inames.h iutil2.h store.h

zvmem2.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zvmem2.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h oper.h errors.h
zvmem2.o: ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h iutil.h
zvmem2.o: estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
zvmem2.o: store.h

zvmem.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
zvmem.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h gsstruct.h oper.h
zvmem.o: errors.h ostack.h iostack.h istack.h opdef.h opextern.h opcheck.h
zvmem.o: iutil.h estack.h iestack.h ialloc.h imemory.h ivmspace.h gsgc.h
zvmem.o: gsalloc.h idict.h igstate.h gsstate.h gsdevice.h gsline.h gslparam.h
zvmem.o: gscolor.h gxtmap.h gsht.h gscsel.h gxstate.h istruct.h isave.h
zvmem.o: dstack.h idstack.h stream.h scommon.h files.h store.h gsmalloc.h
zvmem.o: gsmatrix.h

genarch.o: stdpre.h

pstoraster.o: ../cups/cups.h ../cups/ipp.h ../cups/http.h ../cups/string.h
pstoraster.o: ../config.h ../cups/md5.h ../cups/ppd.h ../cups/string.h
pstoraster.o: ghost.h gx.h stdio_.h std.h stdpre.h arch.h gserror.h gsio.h
pstoraster.o: gstypes.h gsmemory.h gsmemraw.h gdebug.h iref.h imain.h
pstoraster.o: gsexit.h iminst.h istack.h interp.h ostack.h iostack.h
pstoraster.o: opextern.h gscdefs.h gconfigv.h store.h ialloc.h imemory.h
pstoraster.o: ivmspace.h gsgc.h gsalloc.h
