button-accept-jobs.gif              green     Accept Jobs
button-add-class.gif 	            standard  Add Class
button-add-printer.gif 	            standard  Add Printer
button-add-rss-subscription.gif     standard  Add RSS Subscription
button-add-this-printer.gif         standard  Add This Printer
button-cancel-all-jobs.gif 	    black     Cancel All Jobs
button-cancel-job.gif 	            black     Cancel Job
button-cancel-subscription.gif      standard  Cancel Subscription
button-change-settings.gif 	    standard  Change Settings
button-clean-print-heads.gif 	    standard  Clean Print Heads
button-clear.gif 	            standard  Clear
button-continue.gif 	            standard  Continue
button-delete-class.gif 	    black     Delete Class
button-delete-printer.gif 	    black     Delete Printer
button-edit-configuration-file.gif  standard  Edit Configuration File
button-export-samba.gif 	    standard  Export Printers to Samba
button-find-new-printers.gif        standard  Find New Printers
button-help.gif 	            standard  Help
button-hold-job.gif 	            red       Hold Job
button-manage-classes.gif 	    standard  Manage Classes
button-manage-jobs.gif 	            standard  Manage Jobs
button-manage-printers.gif 	    standard  Manage Printers
button-manage-server.gif 	    standard  Manage Server
button-modify-class.gif 	    standard  Modify Class
button-modify-printer.gif 	    standard  Modify Printer
button-move-job.gif 	            standard  Move Job
button-move-jobs.gif 	            standard  Move All Jobs
button-print-self-test-page.gif     standard  Print Self-Test Page
button-print-test-page.gif 	    standard  Print Test Page
button-publish-printer.gif 	    standard  Publish Printer
button-reject-jobs.gif 	            red       Reject Jobs
button-release-job.gif 	            green     Release Job
button-restart-job.gif 	            standard  Reprint Job
button-save-changes.gif 	    standard  Save Changes
button-search.gif 	            standard  Search
button-set-allowed-users.gif 	    standard  Set Allowed Users
button-set-as-default.gif 	    standard  Set As Default
button-set-printer-options.gif 	    standard  Set Printer Options
button-show-active.gif 	            standard  Show Active Jobs
button-show-all.gif 	            standard  Show All Jobs
button-show-completed.gif 	    standard  Show Completed Jobs
button-show-next.gif 	            standard  Show Next
button-show-previous.gif 	    standard  Show Previous
button-sort-ascending.gif 	    standard  @UP Sort Ascending @UP
button-sort-descending.gif 	    standard  @DOWN Sort Descending @DOWN
button-start-class.gif 	            green     Start Class
button-start-printer.gif 	    green     Start Printer
button-stop-class.gif 	            red       Stop Class
button-stop-printer.gif 	    red       Stop Printer
button-unpublish-printer.gif 	    standard  Unpublish Printer
button-use-default-config.gif 	    standard  Use Default Configuration File
button-view-access-log.gif 	    standard  View Access Log
button-view-error-log.gif 	    standard  View Error Log
button-view-page-log.gif 	    standard  View Page Log
button-view-printable-version.gif   standard  View Printable Version
